(rhythmic music)
♪ Woke up in London yesterday ♪
♪ Found myself in the
city, near Picadilly ♪
♪ Don't really know how I got here ♪
♪ I got some pictures on my phone ♪
♪ New names and numbers
that I don't know ♪
♪ Address to places like Abbey Road ♪
♪ Day turns to night ♪
♪ Night turns to whatever we want ♪
♪ We're young enough to say ♪
♪ Oh, this has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This could really be
a good life, good life ♪
♪ I say oh, got this feeling
that you can't fight ♪
♪ Like this city is on fire tonight ♪
♪ This could really be a good life ♪
♪ A good, good life ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ To my friends in New York, I say hello ♪
♪ My friends in L.A. they don't know ♪
♪ Where I've been for the
past few years or so ♪
♪ Paris to China to Colorado ♪
♪ Sometimes there's
airplanes I can't jump out ♪
♪ Sometimes there's bullshit
that don't work now ♪
♪ We all got our stories
but please, tell me ♪
♪ What there's to complain about ♪
♪ When you're happy like a fool ♪
♪ Let it take you over ♪
♪ When everything is out ♪
♪ You gotta take it in ♪
♪ Oh, this has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This could really be
a good life, good life ♪
♪ I say oh, got this feeling
that you can't fight ♪
♪ Like this city is on fire tonight ♪
♪ This could really be a good life ♪
♪ A good, good life ♪
♪ A good life ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Hopelessly I feel like there might be ♪
♪ Something that I'll miss ♪
♪ Hopelessly I feel like the
window closes oh so quick ♪
♪ Hopelessly I'm taking a
mental picture of you now ♪
♪ 'Cause hopelessly the hope is we ♪
♪ Have so much to feel good about ♪
♪ Oh, this has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This has gotta be the good life ♪
♪ This could really be
a good life, good life ♪
♪ I say oh, got this feeling
that you can't fight ♪
♪ Like this city is on fire tonight ♪
♪ This could really be a good life ♪
♪ A good, good life ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Good, good life ♪
♪ Good life ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ To my friends in New York, I say hello ♪
♪ My friends in L.A. they don't know ♪
♪ Where I've been for the
past few years or so ♪
♪ Paris to China to Colorado ♪
♪ Sometimes there's
airplanes I can't jump out ♪
♪ Sometimes there's bullshit
that don't work now ♪
♪ We all got our stories
but please, tell me ♪
♪ What there's to complain about ♪
(rhythmic music continues)